good mates here once more
bringing you a sony video tutorial
xperia type which has problems of
touch
as you can notice in touch is a bit
slow and now when it has
also when moving and navigating
applications are selected
applications without any
without any exact selection
so then we decided that it is the
ankle
this problem occurs when they are restored
the factory telephones since I do not know
calibrate properly
so then
well let's make the bases of a
application
while I can do a touch test
screen how this is done
dialing the following numbers
asterisk
ungrateful
asterisk cat
2. 3
this disco cat this disc
and this we enter
Oh
accept the touch there is and we can notice
that the touch actually ends when
he wants is not forgotten as you can see
and then if it's a little bit
nervous, that's when he's going
and that does not mean he's sitting
Negotiation is not being right
adequate
after we're going to do the fandi
mentioned we are going to download a
application and good guys what are we going to
do next is download this file
touch w hotels is a file ap carl
as you can see it is an application to
application that we're going to run inside the
phone but to me by not running
phone properly he made me more
easy to download it turn off the computer
then but what we are going to do is
You can connect the equipment
when computations true
so that it works correctly
and we have
the application
ready to just drag it to
rise file
that is happening
supposes a new step space we are going to
happen to enjoy the application on
phone to connect the application
once the application is closed
let's do the next steps let's
to go to the file explorer
to find the application that we download
to the phone is a bit of god home
but good
there we have the application you can not
I got to see
there we have it
and we will not see if it is reached and not
unfortunately the camera that I have the
work quality good knowledge
let's give it there
let's give it the value of applications
and install
we wait for it to finish installing
to keep doing
the next steps
open and we have the application open
Now what we need is a space
very flat very straight I in this case
I will buy a box
how can you see the problem is a box
totally flat and you just have to press
caliber
begins to calibrate
and it finishes calibrating we approach and it says
concrete calibration
and at that moment the phone is
working properly are a little
in answer but navigate without any
problem
and we are going to do a little bit of people that
we had
what are we going to do the test
by entering the same code as
I had previously told you
much easier asterisk cat asterisk
cat 7 378
4 2 3
to this disc
sorry to be disco cat asterisk
and ready and we enter the system
and as you can see it 's very very very fluid
the arms works correctly
touch screen
and ready
that asks us things that is obviously a
100% improvement
well let's hope you liked this and
do not forget is to give like to learn to
Rootear a motorola that is
I'll show it right now
if you want me to teach you how to unlock
an android this applies to all
androids
and then I say goodbye, chau chau